so today we're just doing like general
pregnancy questions that you guys might
have
okay will you announce the name before
or after the baby is born
will you find out the sex or do you want
a surprise will you vlog the birth
are you going to have a natural birth my
nipples are on
fire 24 7. i'm not even joking i'm like
what's going on down there
hi guys and welcome back to our channel
today
today we're not watching the football on
sunday we're filming
a pregnancy q a what else would james
want to do on sunday
exactly
i thought for not filming it on friday
i'm actually really looking forward to
this video yes we we are looking forward
to this video
so we've had so many questions about the
pregnancy so far and we've been
splitting them up into all different
things so i know we did the
first trimester um where we talked about
all the first trimester
and then we're also doing a trying to
conceive video so i made sure when i put
on my story i put
we won't be answering any questions
about trying to conceive because there
were so many questions about
even when i said not to ask questions
about trying to see if there was still
loads
because i think that's something that
people are really interested in so we
always knew we were going to do a
separate video for that because
it's just a whole new topic and i think
it just deserves its own video so today
we're just doing like general
pregnancy questions that you guys might
have our baby for anyone who's
a baby oh baby but anyone
new to our channel baby baby it's my
baby
baby my baby just sounds weird
our baby is due on the third of
april i keep guys thinking about that
because it changes from third to the
fourth
um now and then but it's the third of
april at the moment still a long way
away long wait what do you know 15 weeks
second trimester
about 15 weeks yeah so a few guys you
know trying to work around your head you
don't need to
about 15. she's got a little bump
still a little little bump i'm ready
really excited for the big big bump
we thought it'd be fun to do fantasy q a
we did like kind of said the 12-week
update but
sometimes you guys ask questions that we
would never think of yeah actually
talking about
yeah so yeah that's what we're doing
today okay so i've screenshotted
quite a few already so i just thought
you know be quicker so first one is
were you scared to be pregnant
definitely not like i was really
really excited to be pregnant i was just
like
we were so ready weren't we to be
pregnant but it's an interesting comfort
the end of a previous video where i was
like
i don't know if i would be ready yes i
don't know as a guy
because i think guys are quite quick to
be like oh i couldn't imagine giving
birth i wouldn't want to give birth
or i couldn't imagine doing this when
maybe it's because we know that we don't
have to
we always feel like we wouldn't be ready
to yeah paris was so yeah
james said he wasn't sure if it was his
sort of job
to birth the baby whether he would be
ready because i think
when i think about it i'm just like i'm
not really worried about the birth but i
think the birth is a big thing for you
and it feels like quite a scary thing
full of guys
and for girls as well a lot of girls are
kind of nervous i mean
i think as guys we're just like no i
don't want to bother
with my willy no
it's like birthing an apple oh my god
stop it i feel like james maybe
feels like he wouldn't be ready but i on
the other hand feel
really excited you're ready yeah maybe
it's one of those and maybe like you
know then like you said three or four
years ago you would have felt like you
were like yeah yeah but not really
because of the birth
but then maybe i'll be in naive maybe
haven't really yeah tara said karis is
quite a
kind of a strong-minded person and she
can she can deal with pain
like extremely well uh like just like
kind of getting your finger sona
with no kind of injections it's just
good
like i much prefer stuff like that to
like nausea
just like general pregnancy nausea i'm
like i just want to give birth like 10
times rather than
i probably regret saying that um yeah
lots of people have said that they said
the worst thing for the first 12 weeks
because it's like prolonged
for so long whereas once you're into the
birth you're like this is going to
happen
we're gonna be good we're gonna stay
positive it's gonna be over and i'm
gonna have a beautiful baby you hope
like people say that the second you have
the babies in new york not all the time
not
all births are different but like quite
a few people say like when you have the
baby in your arms
you then kind of forget about the
birthing process like yeah
it all goes into a blur it's funny how
quickly we forget things as humans so
you're not nervous
no i'm not nervous about being pregnant
i wasn't scared about being pregnant at
all
no i probably would have been more
scared if i'd have known that i was
going to throw up
because my biggest fear is throwing up
and just feeling sick
um yeah i've had it ever but yeah
so had i known i was always like i'm not
going to be sick in pregnancy had i
known i was actually going to throw up
quite a lot
i would have been a lot more scared yeah
but because you only threw up
literally once in character's entire
life before pregnancy she had
appendicitis in which you're meant to be
sick
during and she didn't come out the other
end so my body just does anything not to
be
yeah a few times during pregnancy still
probably not much compared to most
people
yeah but it's such a trauma for you
i would have been so it's not funny i
seem really
deluded but for someone who could watch
you know only because like obviously i'm
someone who's absolutely fine with being
sick i know
that's just watching you and i'm like
why are you so scared
i'm like yeah um
anyway i didn't mean to laugh that was
horrible no it's okay boo
i know how james is the best like he
seems like he's being
unsympathetic but he literally like rubs
my back holds my hand
gets me a drink he's literally like the
most caring okay will you announce the
name
before or after the baby is born hmm
so we have a good idea for names i love
are you letting me tell this one because
he did that
that's basically we do have a good idea
of names um i think
for each sex we have like um three names
in our head
for what we want to call the baby yeah
and then i think we're just gonna kind
of keep those names on our head and do
the whole thing like when the baby's
born
yeah like we can't lie we have a
favorite yeah okay and i think it's
natural to have a favorite and i will be
surprised
if we don't call the baby the favorite
the favorite name
yeah um but we aren't to fix on it until
after the birth and we're definitely not
going to announce it until definitely
not going to announce it
even to our to like our friends and
family i think we're going to keep it a
secret because
it's a weird one names because
everyone's allowed to have an opinion
on what nate not allowed to but you hope
they don't voice it but you're kind of
allowed to have an opinion on what it is
but you don't want to be deterred so i
don't we don't want to say to our
friends
we're thinking of calling it so-and-so
and they'd be like yeah oh
nice and you're like i know a senator in
school it was really naughty and it's
like we don't want to hear that
okay we don't to know about it or like
oh there's a really famous person called
this that we didn't know about we're
like no don't tell us
and names are weird because there's so
many so many so many names out there
everyone clearly from even just the fact
there's so many names up there everyone
has a different opinion about what names
they like
so i just think everyone has their own
name and it's great and then once you
announce it we name this
with friends and family once you're like
this is so-and-so
come meet so-and-so your you know
granddaughter or your
niece or nephew or yeah
what's your biggest worries about
becoming parents p.s i think you'll do a
great job
oh look we're already parents oh you're
picking up me
she hates me picked up okay car
assistant doing a great job because
mila's currently traumatized
nursing on her lap she likes sitting on
her lap but it has to be on her record
do not pick that dog up she's not like
she's gone
that's it no labradors like being picked
up because they're too heavy and they're
like
it's really all good but if they want to
sit on your lap or head or neck
they will they will what's your biggest
worries about becoming parents
p.s i think you'll do a great job thank
you um
i kind of go with the flow i try not to
overthink
the worries yeah do i have a biggest
worry i know my worry
is karis's worries and charis is worried
we wouldn't have time
together yeah everything obviously is
kind of what happens
not what happens but it's easy to do
when you start a family
to kind of neglect your relationship and
in some ways your relationship does have
to be
neglected to a certain extent yeah but
then you still have to
yeah make sure you're you're giving love
and attention and affection to you so
that was definitely my
my biggest worry attention
that was my biggest worry before we even
spoke about having kids was i was like i
don't want to have kids because i just
don't want to lose james's love and
affection but now obviously we're on our
way to it obviously i'm not thinking
about that too much and i think i'm just
more worried yeah i am worried about
that part of things like i just don't
want you want to like stay just as in
love and just love each other as much
but your love changes and your love
becomes different and i see james with
mila and
my heart like explodes i can't imagine
seeing james with a baby
and holding our baby and my heart will
just like crumble into a million pieces
and i'll just love you
for different reasons because you can
you know once the once the baby's a
little older you can you know have like
date nights every couple of weeks
and stuff like that but it's not even
kind of that specific
it's just you know having a cuddle on
the sofa or you know making sure you're
actually paying each other and listening
to each other that's a big one yeah
it's so easy to kind of just do what you
think your kid wants or
yeah it's yeah i think there's a lot of
things that i think are like
scary going into becoming a parent but
it's exciting and if it wasn't scary and
and and new then it wouldn't be so
amazing because it wouldn't be so
special yeah it's such a big jump but
it's because of that that is
just this little human that you know so
much oh yeah i'm not now i think i think
the only thing i'm worried about is kind
of making sure we kind of keep up some
sort of steady income and we're on
i'm such a practical person like that's
kind of what i go to yeah and i want to
make sure we're not spending too much
money yeah you kind of
can keep kind of an income because at
the moment our kind of income is a bit
like all over
yeah you're right um so yeah that's one
my biggest one is probably that's a good
one for you
thank you james my one is probably i'm
worried
already about like not being a good
enough parent i know mum guilt and
parent guilt is
like such a huge thing and so i'm really
encouraging myself to not feel like that
before the baby's even here i really
want a
baby that's gonna grow up with like
surrounded by self-love and just like
body confidence and just feel like it
can be whoever it wants to be
and just i'm just i'm already nervous
about like answers to questions or you
know kids ask
so many kind of saying the wrong things
yeah honestly generational generation
there's
kind of different ways yeah exactly and
i don't want to phrase anything wrong i
just want to be like of the best parent
i possibly can be
but yeah i think everyone worries about
stuff like that but it's it's
such a good start that you are thinking
about that yeah like if you weren't
thinking about kind of how to bring your
child up in a way to kind of allow it
like he or she to flourish into whatever
they want to be then
yeah yeah yeah it's good to think about
it what's been your favorite thing about
pregnancy so far
um are you enjoying the fact that you
you've got an excuse not to come on dog
walks in the room
yeah yeah that's a good one seeing as it
started raining and i'm like oh my gosh
you're gonna have to go on your own
james i don't miss that many
but it has been raining two days in a
row and i've missed two in a row and i'm
like oh well today makes sense we've got
a busy day today so i just need to get
out and catch six
hours to get ready in the morning my
favorite thing about pregnancy is
literally being pregnant
i love it i love touching my belly i
love just being pregnant i just feel so
happy and grateful like honestly
grateful every single day
that's kind of like i feel really
obviously people say that you have a
pregnancy glow
not that you should get pregnant just to
have a glow but like that's kind of a
general apart from that
like the positive about being pregnant
is the fact that
you're pregnant like all the side
effects none of them are positive
no like you kind of you throw up you
feel tired later on you get swollen
ankles
everything is constantly straight asleep
because you know you're really in comfy
in bed
my nipples are on fire 24 7.
i'm not even joking i'm like what's
going on down there like i know
you're trying to make some milk or
something but seriously it's like
they're getting ready
churning away i just don't know what's
going on so there's a million and one
symptoms that are just like not good but
yeah the main one is obviously just
being that's the kind of the only thing
and then going to the scans and seeing
the baby and like just
like just like being so overwhelmed and
so there's a little
human inside growing yeah and that's
like crazy
new future yes amazing and also i think
the other good thing is that everyone
treats you
like really well so they're like oh
don't worry sit down you're pregnant or
they're like even just you i feel i can
get
obviously you can get away with more but
like you are knackered you are tired you
do feel sick yeah so it's not
it's not an excuse but like you know
when we say it
yes people are looking out for you and
they are more sort of caring i think
until you start showing too much of a
bump though you need to wear a sign like
obviously it's covered so i'm not really
going anywhere but if you were going on
public transport you know
i'm pregnant please give up your seat
yeah i just tell everyone
you know i'm pregnant how's your morning
sickness helped you get rid of the fear
of being sick
or made it worse it is a question really
good question
and i love that you knew i had a fear of
being sick you knew me well it
definitely made it better
a hundred billion percent we will put
out a trigger warning here if anyone
else has a phobia of throwing up and
when like
doesn't listen go ahead 100
made it better the worst part was
literally my
just build up to it all and i wish that
i had been
sick earlier so i was first set in like
week 12 which was really far along
seeing as i've been feeling nauseous all
the way up and like really swallowing it
down and trying not to be sick
couldn't control it was sick and then
after that i allowed myself to be sick
i don't know if i would have been able
to do it without james because i do have
like a mini
anxiety attack every time i do it i
really struggle to slow my breathing
down and i get
very caught up and i cry a lot and i'm
very emotional
because when i'm doing it yeah because
if you're not home
i'm very panicky about feeling nauseous
and being sick and if you are home and
downstairs i'll call to you and be like
come now and you'll be sick
so doing it on my own would be you know
the next step
did you do it once on your own i did but
i was very upset about it and i called
you straight after i couldn't call you i
was like
so you go so you went into this
pregnancy like you just said
thinking i'm never sick i'm not going to
throw up i'm not going to get honest
sickness
do you regret that do you think you
should have do you think anyone who's
waiting to get pregnant who
you know may not have a phobia but
doesn't like throwing up do you think
they should kind of prepare themselves
that there's a really good
like it's hot not everyone gets more
than sickness but the majority of people
do
it is the majority i'm not sure most
people i seem to speak to
don't really like well the i only know a
couple of pregnancies i can't say well
it's obviously you know it is
common it's i think it is i think like
80 percent get nausea
yeah i don't know how many actually
throw away but it's the most talked
about symptom i think it's because it's
the most
horrible one i wish i just
yeah just been just gone for it yeah
a bit more yeah i wish i'd just the
first time i was like trying to swallow
it down i wish i'd just gone
to the toilet and been sick because i
would have yeah
i do wish i'd done that yeah because
because the nausea lasted so
badly then if i wanted to be sick but
swallowed it down and just like really
stopped myself i would feel
awful awful awful all night through the
night i wouldn't be able to sleep
after being sick i was immediately
better um
i literally remember one night i was
sick and then 10 minutes later i ate a
curry like a full-on curry
that we got for takeaway so yeah i do i
wish i'd been sick earlier and i'm not
so scared at all of being sick i am
still scared obviously
um but i would say it's reduced my fear
by like fifty percent
if not more i just like to say that
karis isn't so far along unless you're
trying to induce yourself with curry's
no we do know that's a i don't know how
true it is it's better you know
spicy food not that i'd be having spicy
foods anyway
let's let's get a curry so i can try and
it'll be like a week overdue let's get a
curry and you'll get a cormac
that's like i'm trying to eat spicy
foods to induce the baby corma please
will you find out the sex or do you want
a surprise this is such a funny one that
there's like almost i wonder what the
split is between people that find out
about surprises because i'd be
interested to know
i would be interested to know as well
like we we were both on they're very
much on the same page weren't we like we
wanted to
find out beforehand yeah we wanted
definitely to find out
it's not that we just wanted to know
what tone of off-white to paint the
bedroom
because we paint everything off white so
how do we know what turning off white's
favorite
literally we're awful and it's not
exactly so i feel like when you think
about finding out the gender you're like
oh it's
so i can buy it pink or blue clothes and
pink pink
like no we're not like that we're not
gonna do we don't do stuff like that
it's not nothing to do with that it's
literally just wanting that connection
to the baby
feel connected to it and it doesn't
really matter what the gender is it
doesn't really matter who the baby grows
up to be
it could be whoever it wants it just at
this stage when the baby is inside
and more yeah just learning you just
feel closer to the baby
you have growing in your stomach yeah
and also i think to us
i don't know we all just say stomach i
know that would be awkward wouldn't if
the baby was growing in your stomach
yeah that would be in the wrong place
the
excitement on the day is already so much
you're just freaking giving birth
i just feel like i'm spread out like oh
but don't you want the excitement on the
day it's like no the example is that we
get a baby we get to hold the baby
there's a baby
at that point like probably you'll
forget the gender
sex well the baby will be born and
they'd be like oh it's a baby girl
and then half an hour later i'll be like
is it a little bit
i can't remember it which is also
overwhelming at the time
yeah maybe we're super overwhelmed
people so we just got to like pace out
and you know get excited at different
times i think maybe it's a generational
thing like obviously our parents
didn't get the choice early on like my
mum could find out for me but not for my
older brother
yeah like i don't know maybe like no one
kind of we spoke to us found out like no
one we know
has kind of found out the sex of crazy
baby will you vlog the book
i really want to vlog the birth i love
vlogging
and i've always loved vlogging when i'm
sad or
like struggling i love to vlog it's like
telling for me i'm a very open person
and when i share something
it already makes it better um and so i
love vlogging
during if i'm struggling i vlog i feel
like it makes it so much better it's
like you're sharing to your friends
you're talking through how you're
feeling by already even just saying
okay i'm struggling even just like
explaining what's going on
to a camera to you guys it sets my mind
in place it helps me concentrate it
helps me focus
and i love that whole side of vlogging
it's probably really strange to people
that haven't vlogged and you might not
think that i think it's interesting
though because we've
we've spoken to like you know midwives
and stuff i can't remember who we spoke
to but we were like
do you think we can vlog it and they're
like loads of people vlogging now
even though you know sorry i don't know
how to word it normal people
if non-vlogging people non-vloggers um
vlog
you know vlog their birth and stuff like
it's actually quite quite common yeah
more common but like quite a few people
do it
and this is a really good point um to
say we had a i remember seeing a comment
like
you know i don't get what's happening
don't you have a doctor so because in
the us
i think isn't it something like you you
you kind of because it's all prioritized
you have your doctor
you have your doctor at the start of
pregnancy and that doctor stays with you
throughout the whole of pregnancy
wow you kind of like choose your doctor
i don't know that's what it seems to be
on my tv shows
yeah yeah you're right you're right you
choose your doctor it makes sense if
it's private
but in the uk we mainly use midwives so
qualified midwives who
yeah specifically if you've got a low
risk pregnancy you go through a midwife
led unit and you just
whoever's on duty duty at the time will
help you both
lovely and stuff but also now with with
covid the rules are a bit
a bit different aren't they and we're
hoping they might change come april
but at the moment with um with giving
birth um in
in england and wales hospitals the
partner is allowed into the room for
active labor
only so once you're dilated a certain is
that when you're like i think it's when
you're like going into like
when they're pushing like because
obviously you can be in labor for a
couple of days before yeah
active labor so you're allowed in after
active labor yeah and then
you're allowed in three hours after the
baby is born and then you have to leave
the hospital
yeah so i won't be there for the
majority of the time that
and i it's quite sad like i'll you know
i'll only be able to be in there for
three hours after the baby's born then
if you have you know an unfortunately
more you know bad birth and you have to
be in there for a few days afterwards
because you had an emotional c-section
or you had you know whatever so yeah
anyway they're the cover doors we're
hoping they might change
but at the moment vlogging it so going
back to the vlogging one yeah i might
not be there for a lot of money yes
so i'm not really sure how that's going
to work with the whole setup and the
whole thing like that and i think that's
something that me and james are really
struggling with and we're trying not
to think about it too much to prepare
but also prepare ourselves because it's
not something that i want to jump into
and i even
be like you'll be allowed and you'll be
allowed in and yeah come here but it'll
all be fine
obviously me and james do a lot together
and like um i
do rely on james for a lot of kind of no
just like
who might be struggling yeah but i can't
see the baby no i know you're gonna miss
the first
poo the first sneeze the first like
yeah we wanted to get pregnant you know
you know like
in from march yeah we chose this earlier
than that kind of we naively thought
come april would be fine
yeah come april but you know what we
spoke about this yesterday and we said
if we knew this was going to be the case
when we were giving birth would we have
tried
yeah we would have we we just want to
start a family and
we know how long it takes to try and
conceive the pregnancy is long you can't
put your life on hold for everything
because you put it on hold and something
else might come into play and
they might leave it like that forever
you just don't know so like do we want
the rules to change so that i can come
in for the whole thing
yes you know we're not expecting kind of
the whole family to be there we
literally just want we just want james
to be
there but then you know at the same time
you know we kind of chose to get
chosen yeah i feel really sorry for kind
of like you know really young girls who
may have accidentally got pregnant and
aren't allowed their mums in or
breaks my heart i couldn't imagine you
know being you know 16 17 you know
no it's not fair this honestly winds me
up well i don't
talk about it anymore i feel like it
should be a human right to have at least
one person with you during your birth
like it's the most traumatic thing
from speaking to someone who's given
birth recently and is giving birth again
soon
she was saying you know it's just it's
traumatic it's the most traumatic thing
you go through and it's traumatic for
both people and you just need to be
together you need to be to have someone
there for you
um who you trust and who you love and it
makes the birth
easier and they have got statistics that
are coming out i'm not sure
i haven't actually seen them but i've
heard that they've been successful but
head of midwifery units or something
yeah
women are struggling more now yeah and
it's true
it's true you're gonna struggle if you
haven't got you're gonna be more anxious
and more stressed out like
the partner's there to come to kind of
try and anyway calm anyway talk about it
no we're going to be positive and no
matter what happens cows is going to
have a good birth
she's going to be home within six hours
of giving birth
the best case scenario we're not gonna
put too much pressure on ourselves
because it doesn't go to plan it's okay
as well but it is gonna go to flower
manifested it's gonna be great i just
feel so lucky to even be having a baby
are you still going to the gym you're
spending a long time on these guys i
know we've been filming for 24 minutes
we've done like three questions let's do
some quick ones are you still going to
the gym
so yes i really want to have an active
pregnancy i you
are we've just started back literally we
had lockdown which knocked us off our
socks we then got
had the first trimester which knocked me
completely down like i did not go to the
gym at all
nausea was not gonna i'm not gonna work
out when i'm nauseous james went a
couple of times
without me and um um out of the first
trimester now
feeling so much better so much less
nauseous
already been back to the gym sorry but
i've got burpees i know
what is that like strange
um already been back to the gym twice in
the last two days
um and i'm loving it i really really
really want an active
um pregnancy i want to active life you
were going to say i actually do life i
do want an active life
i really want active pregnancy i want to
push my body
to a sensible limit that i'm allowed to
in pregnancy i want to stay strong i
want to build my muscles they recommend
strength training to everyone who's
pregnant just for the labor
and for the afternoon of being booked
does it is it just because if you're if
you strength train your body's used to
repairing muscles so when you then kind
of
have to you know kind of get better
maybe
maybe there's definitely something about
strength training but i'm really thought
into why we're really good at
finding out what to do but not to do it
we're kind of we just sheep along
we just follow it we're like yeah that
sounds good i'll do that
not sure why though so yeah i really
want to i want to train
maybe three to four times a week am i
going on an hour dog walk a day and i
have been doing that the majority of my
pregnancy there's probably like at least
five times a week you do that yeah we're
gonna say at least five times since i've
been pregnant i was like don't
no yeah more if you are struggling
yeah it's difficult to know it's nearly
like you've got to struggle big time
with you know the swollen ankles and
yeah
absolutely in that case you know i'm
gonna listen to the worst thing you can
do is fall
isn't it yeah you're not gonna be doing
weight training if you feel like you you
heck now you've lost your balance no i
mean the whole of the first trimester i
didn't go to the gym i didn't feel
guilty about it because i didn't want to
work out
and so i'll just work out when i feel
like i want to and i'm excited too that
was not a quick one and it was meant to
be oh my goodness
plans for the nursery congrats by the
way fab parents you will be
oh my god i love her parents you will be
is that like the
like sentencing like what's his name
yoda parents you will be
it is
the original guest room into the nursery
which is the middle front room so it's
the one that's kind of a little bit
weird shaped
that i currently have my wardrobes in
and it kind of just about fits a double
bed with
is it's probably the smallest i don't
know if it's the smallest room but it's
a bit
weirdly shaped yeah anyway and it's the
closest room to our bedroom yeah which
is why we've chose it
um and yeah nothing really major at the
moment we want the basics in there the
cot the changing table a little bit of
wardrobe space
and neutral colors yeah we're thinking
neutral neutral
i'm thinking calm i'm thinking happy mam
happy baby that's my motto for the most
of my pregnancy
yeah rocking chair like colors that make
me feel good so when i'm up like every
single hour of the night i'm just like
calm in my calm
nursery we're not gonna go for like a
bright neon yellow or anything no
no we're gonna keep calm colors and then
you know i don't know to stimulate the
baby
you could have other things yeah
absolutely also i don't know if just
like a plain
colorful wall would stimulate the baby i
don't know you know what we're looking
into that we obviously need to do
much we decided we're not gonna do
anything to the room until january
so we're gonna three months we're gonna
give ourselves the three months before
the baby
is due to kind of like do all the baby
stuff by the prams by stuff like that
because
that's like the last part and like you
just want to keep it excited and you
just want to stay
but i know that lots of people say like
oh don't buy anything until after
in case you know anything anything
horrible but um
i i never imagined the stress of the
baby coming yeah thinking i need to buy
everything yeah
no it is difficult it's one of those
like everyone will do it differently and
you've got to do whatever
whatever do it at whatever time sits
exactly
but i think we decided i'm just i'm just
hoping we can hold on until january
because we're both just so excited to
kind of
yeah but i think we'd have a we are a
good christmas just you and i in
lockdown and then um
we'll uh we'll start smashing out
january yeah i'm excited i want to look
at baby clothes already
every time you're going to travel are
you going to have a natural birth
so i'm really excited about the birth
and i always really wanted to have a
natural birth
um but i'm not going to put too much
pressure on it again because if i need
to have a c-section for whatever reason
i want to be really happy about it i
want to be happy
to birth and have my baby in whatever
way is the safest way possible for
having a baby for you and the baby for
me i'm a baby i've listened to podcasts
before where it's been really hard for
people that have been really excited
about birthing and really wanted to
birth naturally
and then had to have an emergency
c-section and it's been really hard for
them to sort of process because you
didn't view your birth going that way
and it's all really difficult so
i want to try and just keep an open mind
because i am probably the type person
that would get
head up with something like that if i
had come up with like an amazing oh my
gosh we were recording for so long it
actually switched off i just realized
the question
natural birth i'm not sure whether that
means without painkillers no it doesn't
i would guess that it just means you
know vaginal birth right okay
yeah so definitely yes and in regards to
painkillers again i just want to do
whatever is safest for me and the baby
i'm very like i've been watching one
morning every minute
and some people who are determined not
to have painkillers then really struggle
to push
yeah because of the pain and then once
they've had painkillers they're then
able to push and
yeah be a much safer passage for the
baby and the mum but again different
people have different views on
everything
i think whatever way is your view that's
absolutely right and that's
nothing wrong with right no but like i
think carlos makes a good point like
if you talk yourself up that the right
way and the only way is
this way with no yeah you don't want to
then be really disappointed if actually
that's not
that's not safe at that moment in time
yeah so it's it's good to kind of have
the view like that you want to have a
natural birth like you do but then
if you have to have a c-section or
something then you know it's for the
best absolutely
have you brought any baby clothes yet no
we have been bought maybe like two
pieces by
friends we're really trying hard not to
buy any yet we want to savor the
excitement
i don't feel the drive to buy really no
because i just feel like we're not in a
position
to to buy anything in terms of like
we've got those we've got two like
ourselves two lovely pieces of babies
clothes
but i just don't know what to do now
there's nowhere to put that we haven't
got a baby wardrobe yeah we haven't got
anything so they're just kind of sitting
in my wardrobe
yeah i know exactly and they're lovely
and like we love receiving them but like
i think come you know december in
january yeah have our babies room set up
and then we can fill it with some items
so excited
does it feel surreal knowing there's a
tiny human growing inside you
yes but it's also so easy to forget so
like sometimes i'll just have
like i don't know because sometimes when
you feel so normal like right now i just
feel really normal like like myself
i didn't the first trimester and you
forget that there's actually like this
wiggling wiggling thing inside you
and i think until you can feel it which
i'm in that period right now between
it's not quite big enough for me to
start feeling movement yeah i don't
forget i'm pregnant because i'm
obviously obsessed with the fact i'm
pregnant but
i like kind of forget what pregnancy is
and then i'm like wait i just like
carried a little wriggling thing around
the whole thing
all we think about day to day is like
having the baby at the start of april
but then yeah you kind of you probably
somehow disassociate that from there
being
the baby stomach if that makes sense
isn't it you're like i can't wait
to have the baby but the baby's actually
growing in my stuff where's the baby
it's here yeah so it is we sound so
ditzy i know where is
baby how did you get a baby
there was one asking how he felt about
the birth and obviously
our main concern is the perfect
situation
have you felt movement in your stomach
yet i haven't i think
it's going to come soon in terms of like
from a lot of people that i've spoken to
around 15 16 weeks
or like 16 weeks and then i think 20ish
weeks you feel your proper kicks but
before that you can start to feel like
butterflies
and movement of the baby it's not quite
big enough to like be kicking you and
doing anything like that yet but it
starts to be big enough to
create movement within your stomach and
i'm honestly waiting for that day i'm
literally like
we seem to have a very active baby in
there as well like every time we go
for scan we've been to three because
we've we've had a couple of private
scans
and every time we go the baby just
doesn't stop moving and everyone's like
wow you have a really active baby and
yeah like i feel like once you
you can't wait to start feeling it but
once you start feeling i feel like
you're never going to stop feeling like
hang out let me out we had a really cute
one the other day we went to us a scan
and we got the video of it and we will
get best to pop it up
the baby was like like like what was it
it's like sucking his thumb like it was
a second
serving wiping his eyelid was so cute
it's so cute i honestly just thought
this was me being naive
that a baby just like was in your
stomach like
until it came out basically i thought
that as well like it just i knew it
kicked later on but i thought
i thought that was maybe like a month or
less before birth
and i thought up until that point it was
just like kind of floating around like a
sack
like kind of not really doing it i can't
believe it was moving like
yawning you're doing like actual human
famous arms and i kick in
i couldn't believe it you said his we
don't know we're just saying his or hers
yeah i tried to say it but that just
sounds weird i know so you naturally go
towards one
yeah will your sister and husband be
living with you when the baby arrives
so i'm not sure if we have actually said
this in enough vlogs to
for people to know yeah they used to
didn't we used to live with us
they lived with us from march for the
whole of lockdown for seven months and
they've moved
out a couple of weeks ago when they were
allowed to before we then went into a
further oh my gosh i know
i know they move they moved out when we
were like bubbling with with four
households
yeah so they're out now but it was
really
really lovely to have them obviously to
turn their old room into the
nursery like in some like it was it is
sad to see them go but then
you know if we lock down now until after
christmas like they would have been here
when we were trying to turn the room
into the nursery yeah it would mean a
nightmare
is that part of you that is scared of
the responsibility
despite wanting a baby so like the
responsibility of turning into
parents probably proper parents and like
i guess it's that
scariness of like this is forever now
like that you can't just like
run away to paris and be like like we've
got a responsibility
so that is that is probably what they
meant i was thinking it more like you
know
the kid like is now like the kids gonna
rely on us and we need to be good
parents otherwise this child might not
have
have a good life so that's be more and
my kind of response to that is
like i feel so lucky that we have such
an amaze we have such amazing families
on both sides and such amazing friends
that if we are kind of anxious about
things or whatever like we will be able
to
you know fall on our parents and respect
obviously so like we respect our parents
and their parenting
so it's like yeah like i think we've got
a lot of people to fall back on if we do
kind of start getting anxious about you
know how time to bring up a child yeah
so in terms of that side of
responsibility but in terms of running
off to paris
we always said that we have a dog
already that we are
horrendously guilty leaving at home and
with a baby at least you can actually
take them on place yeah exactly and take
them into we even feel guilty just going
to the shops
i know if we leave like if we go to town
for like a couple of hours we're like oh
my
god we should should we eat a meal out
or we should probably get home to mila
yeah
like when we were doing the road trips
to the us last year for for two weeks
so we went on a road trip theater and
like we just felt so guilty leaving him
we thought
yes a baby is like so much work and a
lot of responsibility but
at least we can take the baby take the
baby with us even though like it's going
to completely change the dynamic of the
road trip
changing
napping and stuff you napping
um you know at least you can take the
baby you're not feeling guilty leaving
it
absolutely so we're excited
to have our family yeah and i think
we've been really really really really
really lucky with our job and our what
our jobs allowed us to have as a
lifestyle and we've done so
so much together and i think that was um
some people's concerns when we were
wanting to have children
young um was that oh you haven't done
enough together or like you haven't
experienced life together yet but we
were together for six
years yeah we've been together for six
years um and luckily our job and our
lifestyle and everything allowed has
allowed us to spend every single day of
that six years together
24 hours of everything happening apart
here or there
very rarely but it does happen our
wedding night we spend apart
the night before not the wedding night
so yeah we've done
so much together and we're so grateful
for that because i feel like even that
just puts us in a position where we're
just ready to
share this whole new life with the new
humans and we can't freaking wait
yeah we've we've done us us it's done
now it's on
oh my gosh i can't wait thank you guys
so much for watching thank you for all
your questions and just all your love
and just
excitedness for our journey and we i
know that i feel like we're sharing
a lot more than most people i feel like
i follow quite a lot of pregnant people
and i feel like i'm sharing too much
but i hope you guys are interested then
we're kind of happy yeah
to answer the questions like yeah
they're kind of quite open books within
yes and so
you know ask away and if we don't want
to answer the question then we won't
no but not even that but like i feel
like i'm literally
no like i just talk about and even on
instagram or everything like
every week i'm like updating people on
my pregnancy and i people feel like i'm
talking about it too much i know i feel
like i'm just talking about it too much
but let us know however you feel because
we just love creating content that you
guys enjoy
and thank you so much we are obviously
trying to create content that has
nothing to do with technology we're
doing very well we're not doing very
well
because we just kind of like create
content around our lives and this is
obviously kind of
our life now yeah we're really not
thinking about pregnancy and babies
yes so anyway we are trying to show you
some other non-specific pregnancy
content our baby over there is now
getting down because you can hear us
finishing the vlog
hello love you guys so much thank you so
much for watching we'll see you in the
next video please
do like enjoy leave us a comment below
subscribe if you're new until you notice
on
see you soon guys bye
notifications on bye guys
[Music]